[Music]
13 psychology tricks that will work on
anybody every human being is a unique
universe however psychologists keep
discovering new behavioral patterns that
are believed to be rooted in our
childhood and can be applied to everyone
do you want to learn how to make people
respect you and listen to you have a
look at these youthful psychology tricks
they might affect your communication
skills positively and make your life
easier in some way 13 how to find out if
a person likes you to determine if a
person likes you pick a word and every
time he or she uses this word not in
smile if the person does like you watch
him or her start using the word all the
time 12 how to make people take your
words seriously every time you tell them
something say that your father taught
you this people tend to believe parents
advice inheritant ly 11 how to become an
ultimate rock-paper-scissors champion to
win at the rock-paper-scissors game ask
your opponent a random question right
before playing it
most of the time you're confused friend
will throw scissors 10 how to make
people agree with you if you want people
to agree with you just not and maintain
eye contact while you're talking the nod
sign means everything I'm saying is true
Plus follow a social behavior pattern
people tend to nod back 9 look right in
front of you in crowded spaces have you
ever wished the subway wasn't that
crowded in the morning in crowded places
look right in front of you in the
direction in which you're going you will
be impressed watching the crowd gives
way to you this trick is easy to explain
in crowded places we tend to look other
people in the eyes so we know which
direction someone is going we take the
opposite way so not to run into each
other 8 what to do if a certain song is
stuck in your head if a certain song is
stuck in your head and you would love to
forget it trying to think of the end of
the song according to the Zeigarnik
effect our brain tends to remember the
things that we've left unfinished so if
you think of the end of the annoying
earworm you'll be able to get it out of
your head
seven how to make your kids eat broccoli
go ahead and ask them if they want to or
five stalks of broccoli instead of
asking them if they want broccoli thus
you've made your mind and chose broccoli
for their lunch but they feel like they
have made their own decision you can use
the same old trick in different
situations fix when you feel that
someone is watching you
yawn and look around if someone is
actually stalking you
they will yawn - since Johnny is highly
contagious five how to make anyone help
you carry stuff your friend will most
likely help you carry let's say a box of
your stuff if you continue talking while
handing over the box the majority of
people won't even notice you're handing
them something and we'll take it however
some people more attentive and less
close you may get pretty confused for
the warm hand trick if you know you're
going to shake hands with someone make
sure your hands are warm enough warm
hands promote a friendly atmosphere
while cold and shaking will trigger the
opposite effect
[Music]
three kind of become a good listener
whatever your friend has just said
paraphrase it and repeat it the person
who talks to you will subconsciously get
the feeling you are a great listener
just don't go too far with the
paraphrasing thing too if you want
someone to help you if you want someone
to help you start your phrase with the
words I need your help people hate
feeling guilty and that's why they won't
be able to refuse your help one if you
believe a person doesn't like you ask if
you can borrow his pencil or pen on one
hand people tend not to help those whom
they don't like on the other hand it's
such a small favor that your hater most
likely won't be able to say no
eventually you will come to the
conclusion that you're not that bad so
which trick is impressed you the most do
you know any other ones share them in
the comments don't forget to hit the
like button below the video and click
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life
[Music]